= FixSymbol

A simple gem to allow symbols with fix id throughout different instances.

This gem was created with the idea to have a consistent relation between symbol and id, but it may
be a nice idea to extend the gem into dynamically created Symbols with persistent id.

At the moment it's just a sketch that will cover my actual necessities, and will be developed to allow
it to be useful to anybody that needs/likes the idea.

== Usage

 class MyFixSymbol < FixSymbol::Base
	@@use = :yml
	@@file = File.dirname(__FILE__) + '/tokens.yml'
 end

At the moment, only yml importation is available. Therefore @@use = :yml is kind of redundant and will be taken care of in the following version. Furthermore, as compatibility with more data structures will be developed, it will be a great idea to inherit from FixSymbol::Yml (which will inherit from ::Base).

== License

Copyright (C) 2013 FixSymbol contributers

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

In order to contact the author of this gem, please write to sikian@gmail.com.